README.md, before:

# Survivor Pool 2014

| Week | JP | Ben | Zig | Ron | Carlo | David | Selvin | Patrick | Natalie | Nicholas |
|------|----|-----|-----|-----|-------|-------|--------|---------|---------|----------|
| 1    |DET |     |     |     |  DEN  |       |CHI     |         |NE       |          |
| 2    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 3    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 4    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 5    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 6    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 7    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 8    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 9    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 10   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 11   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 12   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 13   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 14   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 15   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 16   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 17   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |

## Game Rules

### Objective
The objective is to be the the last player standing at the end of the season.

### Picks
1. Each player must pick *one* NFL team each week.
2. Picks are made *straight up* (win/lose), no points spread math used.
3. A player *cannot pick the same team twice* during the season.
4. Picks must be final before the start of the first game for the current week.

### Elimination
1. If the player picks the winning team, he or she *survives* until next week.
2. If the player picks the losing team, he or she is *eliminated* for the season.

### The Pot (`$20`ea)
1. JP
2. Zig
3. David
4. Selvin
5. Natalie

Commit message:

Updates the player buy in notice.

README.md, after:

# Survivor Pool 2014

| Week | JP | Ben | Zig | Ron | Carlo | David | Selvin | Patrick | Natalie | Nicholas |
|------|----|-----|-----|-----|-------|-------|--------|---------|---------|----------|
| 1    |DET |     |     |     |  DEN  |       |CHI     |         |NE       |          |
| 2    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 3    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 4    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 5    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 6    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 7    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 8    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 9    |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 10   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 11   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 12   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 13   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 14   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 15   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 16   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |
| 17   |    |     |     |     |       |       |        |         |         |          |

## Game Rules

### Objective
The objective is to be the the last player standing at the end of the season.

### Picks
1. Each player must pick *one* NFL team each week.
2. Picks are made *straight up* (win/lose), no points spread math used.
3. A player *cannot pick the same team twice* during the season.
4. Picks must be final before the start of the first game for the current week.

### Elimination
1. If the player picks the winning team, he or she *survives* until next week.
2. If the player picks the losing team, he or she is *eliminated* for the season.

### The Pot
1. JP
2. Zig
3. David
4. Selvin
5. Natalie

`* Player buy in for the *pot* has been set to **$20** each.`
